How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	diff displayed a - for old version, + for new and the text for each line
		one can then compare the text displayed and find what changed

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	when a programmer has access to the entire history of a file, it becomes easier
		to roll back to a specific point in time if necessary (say when a bug is encountered)

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	pros
		- choose when to logically do a commit, say when you think a fix is implemented

	cons
		- may spend too much time between commits and then it would be difficult to understand
		the differences between the commits

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	git allows saving multiple files in a commit because developers often need to make a change
	that requires editing multiple files. auto-save wouldn't be desirable

	google docs on the other hand, is concerned with single document creation. auto-save works
	here because there isn't the interdepency of files nor the notion of 'breaking something'

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	use git log to view all commits of the repo. There will be an id for each commit, and
	hopefully, a descriptive message identifying what was done that commit

	use git diff to view differences between commits. command looks like:
	$ git diff id-of-first-commit id-of-second-commit
	using diff shows lines of code added or deleted

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	version control gives you the ability to restore versions (commits) in the history of
	the repository - if something breaks, you can go to a prior unbroken state and rework from
	that point. Lewis Kaneshiro says that version control makes him a better programmer because
	it allows him to explore larger concepts more easily than if he weren't using it -- he'd then
	be programming with 'baby steps' afraid to break things.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	track my udacity courses. create portfolio for my own site...