When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  
  You may work at different locations using different devices. A remote repository allows you to continue
  working on an additional device providing a means for the original device to update its local files when needed.
  
  There may be several people working on a project. The repository facilitates a group effort by having tools to 
  track changes and merge code when necessary.
  
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	You may have edited code on local that isn't fully functional yet. Someone else has commited code to the repository
	with code that may overlap your own. If git automatically tried to update local, you'd be forced to prematurely
	deal with a merge.
  
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

	Clone: is a copy of a repository.
	
	Fork: a special type of clone that github makes for you on their own machines. It additionally identifies the 
	original owner of the repository forked. The fork is a master branch that you edit on your github account, so 
	your edits do not modify the master of the original repository. You can suggest the owner of the original do
	a pull to update from your modifications.
	
	Branch: allows multiple threads of development in a repository. The main code is preserved in the master branch.
	creating a new branch copies the master to a new branch that can be checked out and worked on independently from
	the main code. To get the independently developed code back into the main master branch requires that it be merged.
	
	see: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3329943/git-branch-fork-fetch-merge-rebase-and-clone-what-are-the-differences
	
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	You can update the local copy of the remote without changing the local master by running git fetch. You can then
	use git log and git diff to view changes made both on the local and remote repositories.
	
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	Say that you have no versioning tool. It would be easier to just edit files without the learning curve of
	git and github. Keeping track of versions would be harder, some system for doing so would need to be worked
	out between members of the team. Merging edited files again would require an agreed protocol. Branching
	would be much more difficult. The team might work out a way of keeping a master collection of zipped projects at different build states. A merge tool could be used to facilitate choosing edits. Once edits chosen, project
	could be zipped. By the time these systems get put in place, it might have been worth the time to learn git.
	
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	Make changes in a separate branch if you want to isolate development from master.
	Say, work on a custom feature that may be brought into master at a future date.
	Also, when working collaboratively keeping changes in a separate branch allows each
	collaborator to see changes and communicate information before changes become 
	merged into master.
	
	Not using a branch would make the process simpler, just pushing and pulling. Using
	pull requests, though, help a team make decisions along the way so that the quality
	of what gets merged into master is high. 
	
	A reminder from the comments on this reflect:
	
		You just saw that the workflow when making changes in a separate branch is
		more complicated than working directly in master, especially when you need 
		to stay up-to-date with changes others are making. Rather than simply pulling
		and pushing, you need to pull changes into your local master branch, merge 
		the local master into your branch (different-oil, in our case), then push 
		your branch to the remote before finally merging your branch into master, 
		either locally or on GitHub.