What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository, navigate to the folder that you want to contain the repository.
	Then run git init. This creates the repository by adding the .git folder for the files git requires
	for tracking the state of the repository.

	You need to do this to be able to use git to manage version control for files in the folder.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The working directory is the collection of files in the folder on your computer that git interacts with.
	Staging area is different from the working directory as it is a place for git to track what files are
	marked to be available for commits (versioning). Staging is local and not part of the repository that
	others may access. User may keep files in the working directory out of the staging area and ultimately
	the repository. The repository is a collection of versioned files and when pushed to the hub may be
	accessed by others.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	A select number of files may be added to staging for commit and only these will be committed.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	You may want to work on a feature that may not be added until later. The branch would help in that the
	master could continue without the new feature. A version of the master could be released without the new
	feature. The new feature could be released when desired... if work on the feature coincides with the main
	branch the developer has more time to get the job done, not having to wait until after a release.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	diagrams show branches and commit node's parent. they also show unreachable commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	merging branches implies 'merging into'. before the merge, a developer would checkout a branch and see changes
	specific to that branch only. to see changes of another branch, the other branch would need to be checked out.
	once merged, the branch merged into becomes the parent of both (or all) previously unmerged branches. the branch
	merged into can be checked out and all changes from previous branches will be visible. the branch merged now is
	merely a label that can be deleted.

	the diagram shows child <- parent relationship of commits

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	pro: Git marks regions of code where differences occur and gives the common ancestors code for reference.

	con: Care must be taken so that Git marked files are correctly modified before the final merge. This can
	be difficult when there are a lot of differences. Not editing the file correctly may introduce new errors such
	as missing git inserted characters, not eliminating the common ancestor code in favor of merged code.